---
layout: page
title: Engineering 157 AC
description: Spring 2023, UC Berkeley
img: assets/img/wentworth.png
importance: 1
category: work
---

I took E157AC: Engineering, Environment, Society in Spring 2023 with Khalid Kadir. 
We learned about environmental justice and had the opportunity to apply concepts from class by working with community-based organizations in the Bay Area. My team worked with Climate Resilient Communities, an East Palo Alto based organization that 
works with frontline residents to implement equitable, just climate solutions.

East Palo Alto, Belle Haven, and North Fair Oaks have an extraordinary number of toxic sites from past manufacturing operations, redlining, and other racist practices. At the same time, this region (San Mateo County) is the most vulnerable county in California to sea level rise. Many toxic sites in this area remain unremediated to this day, and rising sea levels could flood toxic sites and mobilize contamiants, harming local communities. Our team's project involved providing a more granular picture of these toxic sites, including information on threats of sea level and groundwater rise, types of toxic site hazards, potential healh hazards, responsible cleanup authorities, and the extent to which cleanup has happened.

Here is a copy of the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUZTn5Zh-ubXuOKcEW_z1XfKHKu12K3SjhtL76AhUwU/edit?usp=sharing) documentating our work!


<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/broadway.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/hotaling.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/swans-market.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Street signage in Oakland Chinatown. Map of historic SF waterfront in Hotaling Place. Swans Market outdoor seating.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/mission-creek-isometric.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Isometric drawing of SF Mission Bay.
</div>

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-6 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/mission-bay-plan.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-6 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/portsmouth-isometric.png" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Plan drawing of SF Mission Bay. Isometric drawing of Portsmouth Square in SF Chinatown.
</div>


